Update README.md (#56)
Judo-Documentation-Project/budotree: README.md

  allowing exploration of the (sometimes complex) lineage tree.

**While this is done with Judo as a starting point, it is not limited

> to it**: much like Judo had a pioneering role that
> influenced many other martials arts (and was in many ways a bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to it**: much like Judo had a pioneering role in Budō that 
influenced many other martial arts (and was in many ways a bridge
```
